[Docs] Update build doc (#1435)
apache/seatunnel: build.md

```
mvn clean package -Dmaven.test.skip=true
```

> Then, you will see the seatunnel distribution source package --`apache-seatunnel-incubating-${version}-src.tar.gz` and the binary package `apache-seatunnel-incubating-${version}-bin.tar.gz` in `seatunnel-dist/target/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After above command finish, you will see the seatunnel distribution source package `apache-seatunnel-incubating-${version}-src.tar.gz` and the binary package `apache-seatunnel-incubating-${version}-bin.tar.gz` in directory `seatunnel-dist/target/`.
```
